Android 1.1.8 release (#802)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/resources/release-notes-mainnet.rst

   To subscribe to updates on the Mainnet status page click **Subscribe** to get all updates or click **Get updates** to choose to get all updates or only updates for specific products.

May XX, 2023

|mw-gen2| for Android 1.1.8
-----------------------------------------

> The terms and conditions have been updated and now point to a link where you can read the updated terms and conditions before accepting. Additionally, when the terms and conditions have been updated, you will be prompted to accept them again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prompt to review the terms and conditions has been updated, and it now points to a link where you can read the newest version of the terms and conditions before accepting. Additionally a new prompt will be shown in the wallet, if the terms and conditions are updated, so it no longer happens only after updating the application. 
```
I don't know if this is better, it just felt a little bit like it was only the T&C that had been updated and not the UI as well.
